Add warnings for wrong values of model_confidence parameter (#8014)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/policies.mdx

        ingredients: True
  ```

* `constrain_similarities`:
  This parameter when set to `True` applies a sigmoid cross entropy loss over all similarity terms.
  This helps in keeping similarities between input and negative labels to smaller values.
  This should help in better generalization of the model to real world test sets.

* `model_confidence`:
  This parameter allows the user to configure how confidences are computed during inference. It can take two values:
  1. `softmax`: Confidences are in the range `[0, 1]` (old behaviour and current default). Computed similarities are normalized with the `softmax` activation function.
  2. `linear_norm`: Confidences are in the range `[0, 1]`. Computed dot product similarities are normalized with a linear function.

>   It is recommended to try using `linear_norm` as the value for `model_confidence` as it should be easier to tune thresholds for fallback then.

Reviewer: same edits here

>   It is recommended to try using `linear_norm` as the value for `model_confidence` as it should be easier to tune thresholds for fallback then.

Author: ```suggestion
  Please try using `linear_norm` as the value for `model_confidence`, this should make it easier to [handle actions predicted with low confidence](./fallback-handoff.mdx#handling-low-action-confidence).
```
